I love the Smith
Joris I said I love the Smiths
you could hasten your Victor Smith to
dye my outside such a heavenly way that
God I love him wholly this is a story of
boy meets girl the boy Tom Hanson grew
up believing that he'd never truly be
happy until the day he met the one girl
summer Finn did not share this belief
you should know up front this is not a
love story
I think we should stop seeing each other
just like that just like start from the
beginning and tell us what happened I
tried to talk to her in the copy room
she's totally not having a B she was
just in a hurry and maybe she's an
uppity better than everyone super skank
at college they called me perfectly
adequate Hanson he used to call me anal
girl I was very neat and organized
see you boyfriend know who needs it
we're young might as well have fun while
we can wait what happens if you fall in
love you don't believe that do you
what it's love it's not Santa Claus I
[Music]
think it's official I'm in love with
summer I love how she makes me feel do
you ever even have a boyfriend
of course what happened my why didn't
they work out what always happens like
[Music]
go get over I don't want to get over I
want to get it back
we've been like Sid and Nancy for months
now we have some disagreements but I
hardly think I'm Sid Vicious no I'm SID
oh so I'm Nancy
[Music]